# About me

I moved to Chicago a few years ago with a couple of music degrees in hand
and began my work as a professional musician. As a pianist, I accompanied
classical singers and instrumentalists at countless recitals, classes, and
other events. The bulk of my daily work was as a vocal coach, where I
helped vocalists tackle the challenges of performing their music with a
compelling interpretation and crystal clear diction in any language they
needed to sing.

In March of 2020, in-person work shut down completely due to the COVID-19
pandemic, and it was no longer safe to rehearse, perform, or even sing in
communal spaces. Besides doing a few accompaniment recordings and online
coachings each week, my music work essentially disappeared overnight.

However, I decided to use that extra time to my advantage. I had never
taken a computer science course in school, but I was always fascinated by
the idea of being able to build a webpage or automate a task by writing a
few lines of code. Fueled by a rabid curiosity and a love of learning, I
took online courses in JavaScript, CSS, and HTML on Skillshare and Udemy.
That led to more coursework in data structures, algorithms, and back-end
technologies. After months of absorbing information from step-by-step
classes, I decided to put my skills to the test and begin making my own
projects, even as my music work began to pick back up again.

Today, I'm excited to see where these new skills will take me. It's been
incredibly fulfilling to start a project, run into unexpected challenges
along the way, and come out on the other side of them even more
knowledgeable than before. Because my entire progression thus far has been
self-taught, I'm confident in my ability to dig deeper into my existing
skills and learn new tech stacks as a member of a team. My objective is to
work for a company where I can continue that growth and help develop
software at a larger scale.
